README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://i.postimg.cc/SKdLpVP1/Chat-GPT-Image-May-27-2025-11-33-11-AM.png" alt="Chiheisen-Vercel-Index" width="600px" />
  
  <h3><a href="https://lovers-chiheisen.vercel.app">✨ Chiheisen Lovers ✨</a></h3>
  
  
  <p><em>OneDrive public directory listing, powered by Vercel and Next.js</em></p>

  <div>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OneDrive-2C68C3?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-onedrive&logoColor=white" alt="OneDrive" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white" alt="Next.js" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=Vercel&logoColor=white" alt="Vercel" />
    <a href="https://ovi.swo.moe"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/png;base64,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" alt="Documentation" /></a>
    <a href="https://telegram.me/Chiheisen_Union"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white" alt="Chiheisen Union" /></a>
  </div>
</div>

---

## 🎯 TL;DR

Showcase, share, preview, and download files inside *your* OneDrive with Chiheisen-Vercel-Index -

- 💸 Completely free to host
- ⚡ Super fast and responsive
- ⏱️ Takes less than 15 minutes to setup
- ⚒️ Highly customisable
- 🍌 More importantly, we are pretty (●'◡'●)

---

## 🚀 Getting Started!

1. Fork the repo [Chiheisen-Vercel-Index](https://github.com/Chiheisen-Union/Chiheisen-Vercel-Index)
2. Change `userPrincipleName` in `site.config.js` to your Microsoft account email address
3. Change `baseDirectory` in `site.config.js` to a folder under your OneDrive root directory
4. Optional - Check if you need to change `api.config.js`
5. Import to Vercel and add an Upstash integration, which imports REDIS_URL env var to Vercel
6. Trigger a redeploy, and profit! 🎉
7. The deployed Chiheisen-Vercel-Index will guide you through an authorisation process, and store the required tokens in the Redis database

> 📚 For more detailed information, follow our [Deployment Guide](https://github.com/Chiheisen-Union/Chiheisen-Vercel-Index/wiki/Deployment-Guide)

---

## 💬 Discussion

Please go to our [discussion forum](https://telegram.me/ChiheisenUnion) for general questions and FAQs. **Issues are for bug reports only.**

> ⚠️ Feature requests may or may not be ignored, as [I (@hellfiredevil)](https://telegram.me/ChiheisenUnion) am the only one maintaining the project, so **I only prioritise features that I use.**

*If you happen to like this project, please give it a star!* ⭐

*If you really, really like this project, please send money! -> [Sponsors 🤑 and donations 💰](https://telegram.me/HellFireDevil)*

---

## 🎮 Demo

Live demo at [Chiheisen Lovers](https://lovers-chiheisen.vercel.app).

![demo](./public/demo.png)

---

## ✨ Features

<div align="center">

| Feature | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| 👀 **File Preview** | PDF, EPUB, markdown, code, plain text |
| 💠 **List/Grid Layouts** | For previewing images and documents with thumbnails |
| 🎥 **Media Playback** | mp4, mp3, with subtitles support |
| 📄 **Office Preview** | docx, pptx, xlsx support |
| 📝 **README Preview** | Renders code blocks, images with relative links |
| 📑 **Pagination** | For folders with 200+ items |
| 🔒 **Protected Folders** | Password protected routes and files |
| ⏬ **Multi-file Download** | Compress and download multiple files/folders |
| 🔎 **Native Search** | Search through shared OneDrive files |

</div>

### Additional Features

- 🚀 Streamlined deployment, without manual token management
- 📤 Direct raw-file serving and hosting
- 🌙 Full dark mode support
- 🎨 Extensive style and website customizations

> **Note**: This project focuses on showcasing and providing a way for others to download files from your OneDrive. Emphasis on **free** and **serverless**. If you need WebDAV or use other cloud providers, check out [alist](https://github.com/alist-org/alist).



## 💰 Sponsors and Donations

Open-source is hard! If you enjoy this project and want to support its development, please consider sponsoring or donating!

[🧸 Support the Project - 地獄の火の悪魔](https://telegram.me/hellfiredevil)

---

## 📄 License

[MIT](LICENSE)

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="./public/footer.png" />
  <p>
    <em>Made with ❤️ by <a href="https://telegram.me/Chiheisen">Chiheisen</a></em><br/>
    <em>Based On <a href="https://github.com/spencerwooo/Chiheisen-Vercel-Index">OneDrive-Vercel-Index</a></em>
  </p>
</div>

## 🙏 Credits

- [SpencerWooo](https://github.com/spencerwooo) for creating the original base repo
- [HellFireDevil](https://telegram.me/HellFireDevil) for maintaining and reviving the project

Commit message:

Migrate token storage from Redis to PostgreSQL
Replaces Redis/Upstash with PostgreSQL for storing OneDrive OAuth tokens. Updates environment variable references, documentation, localization, and code to use DATABASE_URL and the pg library. Adds database initialization and token management logic for PostgreSQL.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://i.postimg.cc/SKdLpVP1/Chat-GPT-Image-May-27-2025-11-33-11-AM.png" alt="Chiheisen-Vercel-Index" width="600px" />
  
  <h3><a href="https://lovers-chiheisen.vercel.app">✨ Chiheisen Lovers ✨</a></h3>
  
  
  <p><em>OneDrive public directory listing, powered by Vercel and Next.js</em></p>

  <div>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OneDrive-2C68C3?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-onedrive&logoColor=white" alt="OneDrive" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white" alt="Next.js" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=Vercel&logoColor=white" alt="Vercel" />
    <a href="https://ovi.swo.moe"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=data:image/png;base64,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" alt="Documentation" /></a>
    <a href="https://telegram.me/Chiheisen_Union"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white" alt="Chiheisen Union" /></a>
  </div>
</div>

---

## 🎯 TL;DR

Showcase, share, preview, and download files inside *your* OneDrive with Chiheisen-Vercel-Index -

- 💸 Completely free to host
- ⚡ Super fast and responsive
- ⏱️ Takes less than 15 minutes to setup
- ⚒️ Highly customisable
- 🍌 More importantly, we are pretty (●'◡'●)

---

## 🚀 Getting Started!

1. Fork the repo [Chiheisen-Vercel-Index](https://github.com/Chiheisen-Union/Chiheisen-Vercel-Index)
2. Change `userPrincipleName` in `site.config.js` to your Microsoft account email address
3. Change `baseDirectory` in `site.config.js` to a folder under your OneDrive root directory
4. Optional - Check if you need to change `api.config.js`
5. Import to Vercel and add a PostgreSQL database (Vercel Postgres or any PostgreSQL provider), which provides DATABASE_URL env var
6. Trigger a redeploy, and profit! 🎉
7. The deployed Chiheisen-Vercel-Index will guide you through an authorisation process, and store the required tokens in the PostgreSQL database

> 📚 For more detailed information, follow our [Deployment Guide](https://github.com/Chiheisen-Union/Chiheisen-Vercel-Index/wiki/Deployment-Guide)

---

## 💬 Discussion

Please go to our [discussion forum](https://telegram.me/ChiheisenUnion) for general questions and FAQs. **Issues are for bug reports only.**

> ⚠️ Feature requests may or may not be ignored, as [I (@hellfiredevil)](https://telegram.me/ChiheisenUnion) am the only one maintaining the project, so **I only prioritise features that I use.**

*If you happen to like this project, please give it a star!* ⭐

*If you really, really like this project, please send money! -> [Sponsors 🤑 and donations 💰](https://telegram.me/HellFireDevil)*

---

## 🎮 Demo

Live demo at [Chiheisen Lovers](https://lovers-chiheisen.vercel.app).

![demo](./public/demo.png)

---

## ✨ Features

<div align="center">

| Feature | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| 👀 **File Preview** | PDF, EPUB, markdown, code, plain text |
| 💠 **List/Grid Layouts** | For previewing images and documents with thumbnails |
| 🎥 **Media Playback** | mp4, mp3, with subtitles support |
| 📄 **Office Preview** | docx, pptx, xlsx support |
| 📝 **README Preview** | Renders code blocks, images with relative links |
| 📑 **Pagination** | For folders with 200+ items |
| 🔒 **Protected Folders** | Password protected routes and files |
| ⏬ **Multi-file Download** | Compress and download multiple files/folders |
| 🔎 **Native Search** | Search through shared OneDrive files |

</div>

### Additional Features

- 🚀 Streamlined deployment, without manual token management
- 📤 Direct raw-file serving and hosting
- 🌙 Full dark mode support
- 🎨 Extensive style and website customizations

> **Note**: This project focuses on showcasing and providing a way for others to download files from your OneDrive. Emphasis on **free** and **serverless**. If you need WebDAV or use other cloud providers, check out [alist](https://github.com/alist-org/alist).



## 💰 Sponsors and Donations

Open-source is hard! If you enjoy this project and want to support its development, please consider sponsoring or donating!

[🧸 Support the Project - 地獄の火の悪魔](https://telegram.me/hellfiredevil)

---

## 📄 License

[MIT](LICENSE)

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="./public/footer.png" />
  <p>
    <em>Made with ❤️ by <a href="https://telegram.me/Chiheisen">Chiheisen</a></em><br/>
    <em>Based On <a href="https://github.com/spencerwooo/Chiheisen-Vercel-Index">OneDrive-Vercel-Index</a></em>
  </p>
</div>

## 🙏 Credits

- [SpencerWooo](https://github.com/spencerwooo) for creating the original base repo
- [HellFireDevil](https://telegram.me/HellFireDevil) for maintaining and reviving the project
